chore: add release notes for v0.12.0 (#7899)
dagger/dagger: .changes/v0.12.0.md

> ## v0.12.0 - 2024-07-11

Reviewer: 2024-07-12

## v0.12.0 - 2024-07-12

### 🔥 Breaking Changes

- sdks: Various breaking changes to SDKs \

>   See SDK-specific release notes for more information

Reviewer 2: The breaking changes in Python and TS are just about the return `Void` thing which isn't really breaking in these SDKs. In Go, in addition to that, it's the aliases removal thing but that should only affect Modules. And even on the `Void` return, it only affects these core APIs related to modules:
- `Module.serve` (very advanced use case)
- `Service.up` (for CLI)
- `FunctionCall.returnValue` (for SDKs)

Doesn't seem worth mentioning other than Go for those two things. I guess I’m being mostly picky with "Various" because it seems to be more than it is.

Reviewer 3: Scoped this down, and just mentioned go.

- api: Align `Container.withNewFile` signature with `Directory.withNewFile` by @helderco in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7293 \

>   Callers of `Container.withNewFile` will need to be updated depending on SDK.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Callers of `Container.withNewFile` will need to change `contents` from optional to required argument.
```

## v0.12.0 - 2024-07-12

This release is significant &amp; deserves a full blog post:
<https://dagger.io/blog/dagger-0-12>

### 🔥 Breaking Changes

- sdks: Various breaking changes to SDKs \
  See SDK-specific release notes for more information
- api: Align `Container.withNewFile` signature with `Directory.withNewFile` by @helderco in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7293 \
  Callers of `Container.withNewFile` will need to be updated depending on SDK.
- api: Skip entrypoint by default in `withExec` by @helderco in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7136 \

>   Callers relying on a `Container`s default entrypoint will need to be updated
>   to opt-in with `UseEntrypoint`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Callers relying on a `Container`'s entrypoint will need to be updated
  to opt-in with `useEntrypoint`.
```

- api: `Container.terminal` now returns a `Container` by @aluzzardi in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7586 \
  Callers of `terminal` will need be updated to handle the updated type.
- api: Return absolute path on export instead of boolean by @helderco in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7500 \
  Callers expecting a boolean return will need to be updated to instead
  handle a string path.
- api: Don't fallback to the default command on `Container.stdout` and `Container.stderr` by @helderco in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7857 \
  Callers of `stdout` and `stderr` without a previous `withExec` will need to

>   insert an explicit empty `withExec`.

Reviewer 2: Move this next to the entrypoing breaking change. If you also relied on the entrypoint in this case, you'll need both: empty args and `useEntrypoint`:
```go
build.WithExec([]string{}, dagger.ContainerWithExecOpts{UseEntrypoint: true})
```

Reviewer 3: Moved!

Thanks to the new compatibility mode feature, these breaking changes should not
impact any existing Modules immediately. `dagger call` should still work on
v0.12.0 without any changes to your Module code (any compat issues for modules
are likely a bug, please report!)

After upgrading to Engine v0.12.0, you can upgrade your Module to use the
latest v0.12.0 APIs by running `dagger develop`. That will update the
`engineVersion` field of your module's `dagger.json` configuration file to
`v0.12.0` and enable the new APIs.

After that, if your code is impacted by any of the breaking changes, you will
see errors when running `dagger call`. Once the errors are fixed, `dagger call`
will work again and your module can be updated in Daggerverse if desired.

More detailed instructions on addressing the individual API incompatible
changes can be found in the PR descriptions linked above.

### Added

- api: `terminal` can be inserted into the middle of `Container` and `Directory` pipelines to pop an interactive shell by @aluzzardi in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7586
- api: Introduced module versioning compatibility by @jedevc in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7759

> - cli: Add `-q` flag and `DAGGER_QUIET=1` to restore previous verbosity default by @vito in https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7822

Reviewer 2: Was this default verbosity changed in v0.11.9? I thought it was in this release.

Reviewer 3: Good point - it changed after v0.11.8 https://github.com/dagger/dagger/issues/7801 (v0.11.9 is right after v0.11.8)

Reviewer 3: I've added another release note here to mention https://github.com/dagger/dagger/pull/7671, where this change comes from.
